README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Implement GitHub OAuth, session management, and repository connection
Co-authored-by: alex <alex@agentops.ai>

README.md, after:

# FreeSwarm PR Manager

This project tracks and manages PRs across GitHub repositories with a modern Next.js frontend and an Express backend.

## Sign in with GitHub

- Click "Continue with GitHub" to authenticate via OAuth
- The backend sets an HTTP-only session cookie
- All API calls from the frontend include credentials and use the session

Backend endpoints:
- GET `/auth/github/login` → Redirects to GitHub OAuth
- GET `/auth/github/callback` → Handles OAuth callback, sets cookie, redirects to frontend
- GET `/auth/session` → Returns session status
- POST `/auth/logout` → Clears session cookie

## Connect repositories

After signing in, the app fetches your accessible repositories from GitHub via your session token. Configure the specific repositories to track in `src/config/github.config.ts` by setting `mode: 'api'` and the `owner`/`repo` pair(s) you want to monitor.

For multi-repo support, pass a list to the hook or extend the provider to store selected repos per user.

See `ENV_SETUP.md` and `backend/env.example` for required environment variables, including GitHub OAuth credentials and cookie settings.
